Hey everyone.
In this session we're going to be going
over some different way to, go ahead and
diagnose what type of problem
your dragon board has.
Now, make sure to take sure extra
precaution when you're doing this because
the dragon board can, is a bit of
a delicate piece of hardware in the sense
that if you accidentally touch something,
or if you plug in stuff at the wrong ports
or Just some awful wrong combination,
it can actually end up frying the board.
So just make sure when you're
trying to diagnose it,
you handle it with extra care.
>> Yeah.
And with that in mind, when you think
the kinda different types of bricking
the board can have, if your board has
a software, or is soft bricked and
that means that when you turn it on,
the lights will be flashing.
However, there might
be some corruption and
operating system that will prevent
a screen from being showed on HDMI.
>> Now for hardware break,
usually if you plug it in,
there might be no lights turning on.
You might take a volt meter trying like
see it from voltages see it might not
be working.
That's usually indicative that there's
something on the board that's fried,
whether it's a single component, or
a fuse or just something on the board.
It's just fried you can't use it.
>> And do note that these are just
some potential ways that we
I guess are classifying bricked boards.
And so definitely we suggest
you to re-search and,
a kinda limit the possibilities of what
types of errors, error problems that your
Brick Board may have, go ahead and check
out 96 bolts are old, check out the forums
if you participate, some people might
have faced some of the problems and
so they may be able to better
provide you at a solution.
>> And also go ahead and take Google on.
Sometimes the problems that
are common amongst other
controllers might be the case
of the Dragon Board as well.
So go ahead and just make sure you try
both 96boards.org and Google as well.